Document how to start with a local file (#2009)
swagger-api/swagger-editor: README.md

This will run Swagger Editor (in detached mode) on port 80 on your machine, so you can open it by navigating to `http://localhost` in your browser.

> Or you can provide your own swagger.json on your host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide a API document from your local machine — for example, if you have a file at `./bar/swagger.json`:
```
